welcome to planet Subaru the first
Subaru showroom in the world powered
entirely by the Sun today we have RJ
Powell
one of Planet Subarus purchase partners
and he's going to be telling us about
the 2016 WRX STI and the 2016 Subaru WRX
thanks Jeff welcome to the 2016 Subaru
WRX as the owner of a 15 WRX there's
little to be desired but after only one
year after a major model change subaru
has added some great convenience and
safety features on the exterior of the
car they've added to the premium and
limited trim levels an 18-inch wheel
they've also replaced two colors with
two new colors lightning red is now pure
red and galaxy blue pearl is now lapis
blue pearl on the inside of the car
they've made a few subtle changes to the
dash the backup camera used to be
displayed in the multifunction display
but is now displayed on either a 6.2
inch standard LCD screen or seven inch
screen in the navigation cars it's a
much more vivid display and has a wider
field of view
they've also decided to replace some
trim panels with a piano black instead
of the carbon trim that was in the whole
car before they added a couple different
steering wheel buttons that actually
allow you to go into some of the
phonebook menus and make things a little
more convenient when using the
hands-free controls this is a premium
trim level car but they've introduced
eyesight to the WRX for the first time
eyesight is available in the CVT Limited
WRX and utilizes two cameras that we
would be displayed up top here the eye
sights also paired with steering
responsive fog lights and a new feature
called Lane keep assist Lane keep assist
takes over the power steering and keeps
you in your lane on the highway when
you're at highway speeds
some other additions to the car of the
introduction of blind spot monitoring
lane change assist and rear
cross-traffic alert that is available
the manual transmission limited trim
level and finally 2016 WRX STI for our
years since 2004 when the STI first came
out people either painted or loved the
rear wing and you never had the option
of getting it or not gettin it over the
years they introduced a couple subtle
models that didn't have it but this is
the first time where you have the option
of either having a lip spoiler like the
WRX has going with the big wing that the
STI has always been known for the only
other major change to the STI this is
the fact that they now comes standard
with blinds the blind spot monitoring
and lane changes
thank you very much RJ if you'd like to
learn more about the 2016 WRX and STI
please visit WX Cuse me planet Subaru
dot-com where we have a page dedicated
to all the changes thanks for watching